


Other ways busy only tuesday hata l14h .. w free the rest of the week


LinkedIn profile : https://www.linkedin.com/in/amina-ben-mansour-45a146128
email : Ameenabnmnssr@gmail.com


Professor- instructor- Translator 

Current position: 
 - University professor at Central University: Honoris United University.
 - Senior  Teacher at ACT centre 
 - I have master in Intercultural Studies. 
 - Degree in english lang civ and lit  and degree in arabic philosophy and human sciences 

I have around 6 years  teaching experience.
 
Main subjects taught: 
Modern standard arabic for foreigners whose mother tongue is not arabic.
Tunisian dialect
Media arabic
English 
French
I give classes in embassies in tunisia 
I can teach online offsite

Reviews
==========
Suzi Valade Richardt  - teaching assistant
------------------------------------------
I studied with Amina for 3 months upon arriving in Tunis, taking an intensive course in Tunisian dialect followed by a session on Media (Standard) Arabic. Amina is creative and flexible, with a positive attitude and a love of sharing Tunisian culture!
As an experienced language teacher, Amina helped me reactivate my previous study of Moroccan dialect that I had not practiced regularly for about 10 years, so I had a lot of “baggage” and bad habits! She continuously assessed my skills and adapted the curriculum to help me build on what I knew. By the end of our time together, I felt confident to explore Tunisia on my own and start to connect with locals.


Maya chaari
------------
“In 2020, I took an Arabic language course with Amina and studied Arabic intensively with her for several days. Amina was a fantastic teacher, absolutely professional and committed. From the beginning, she took my individual starting level into account and tailored the entire course plan to my individual goals. During the lessons she was always very helpful, patient and taught me a lot of new knowledge. However, I was not only able to improve my language skills, but also have a lot of fun with her at the same time.”
